146 CXIV.

. vicarage os Blatkborn to William 1117101111, dated srom the
court 8 Feb. 1561, p. 155.

81. Letter from lady strange, desiring that Mr. Baker may be dis-
charged of that part os his bond 'which confines him 10 the
county os Middlesex, dated from the court 11 Nov. 1560, 7157.

83. [11111110111011811115111110111111, requesting the aothbishop
to admit to bail William corner thena prisoner in the king's
bench by his order, dated from tlte court 19 May, 1566, 7159.

84. Letter from lord Morley, in bohals os his chaplain, dated Ost
1 , . 16 . -

8 5. Ldttd fr07m the same, to Dr. Parker when master of Corpus
Christi College Cambridge, recommending a poor scholar to bo
admitted into that society, dated Marlahasl 28 July‚ p. 169.

86. Letter from lord Cobham, requesting the archbishop's favour
towards his servant James Broker, in asuit then depending be-
fore 1111 grace, dated Cobham-Hail 11 Nov. 1 56 5, 7. 273.

87. Letter from lady Cobham, requesting the archbishop’s interest
with th'e queen to procure the living of Castle-Brent in the
dioceseos Bath sor Sampson N ewton, dated srom the court 11

. May, 1560, 7175.

88. Letter stom lord Cobham, returning the archbissrop 11111111-
rant for killing a stag, dated Cobham 15 July 1565, p. 179,

89. Letter from lord John Grey to the bishop os London, destring
his lordship’s interest in obtaining a plurality sor his chaplain
with apoststript from the bishop of London, recommending
his suit to the archbishop,¹ dated Pyrgoo 23 Jan. 1559, 7185.

9051111111 from lady Mary Grey, thanking the archbishop sorbis
friendship to her and her daughters, dated Pergo 48ept'. 1567,
..18 5.

91. 111111 ,11011 lord Mountjoy, in behalf os his servant Simon
Davies, dated Poolle 30 July, 1567, 7. 191. “ ’

91. Letter from visc'ount Howard, destring the archbishop to pro-
1111 his chaplain William Atherton, dated Byndon 4 July,

· 1 6 , · . 19 . ,

93. 1111711· 1101110111 81. John, defiring the archbithop to' grant a

 

aa·

